Jesus' words in Matthew 11, 28 are very appropriate considering everything we go through in the system of things.
Come to me, all you who are toiling and loaded down, and I will refresh you.
Yes, conventions can be of refreshment to us, giving us the boost we need.
But such refreshment is also available when the world around us seems to be falling apart.
How does the organization help our brothers and sisters in times of national crisis?
We met two witness couples who personally experienced two of the largest terrorist attacks in recent years.
Not a day goes by when we don't think about our son poorly.
There was horror and suffering.
Things we don't want to witness anymore.
September 11th was a very scary, terrifying day.
I was for me.
When I really understood what was happening, I got scared.
I didn't know what to do. I didn't know what to think.
I felt helpless.
When the second time I felt poorly was on 110th floor.
And everybody was shouting, crying.
I was praying to Jehovah.
Because I was heartbroken.
We live on the Voltaire Boulevard.
It's a broad avenue.
There is a concert hall called the Bataclan.
When the doors of the Bataclan are open, we can hear everything that goes on inside.
That night, three men entered the Bataclan concert hall and they started shooting into the crowd.
We immediately grabbed our gold bags and then we sat in front of the sofa.
And we begged Jehovah for his holy spirit so we could face the situation.
It was around 10 pm when there was a news flash that announced that there was an attack.
I was in shock when I heard the news.
And then I immediately thought about our brothers and sisters.
I quickly got in contact with the circuit officer in order to get some news about our brothers and sisters to know how they were doing.
Then, very early the next morning, we set up an emergency committee made up of several brothers from the service department.
We decided to write a letter and make other arrangements to assist the friends who in one way or another were affected by this event.
In turn, the circuit officer would make an effort to rapidly get in touch with the elders who oversee the affected territory.
One of our challenges on a personal level was whether we would even be able to encourage our brothers and sisters because we had never experienced such a terrible event.
We organized ourselves, we paired up as elders and headed off to do shepherding.
We started calling mid-morning on Tuesday.
We received a report back from all the traveling overseers by the end of Thursday.
Then, unfortunately, we learned that 14 of our brothers and sisters had lost their lives.
We knew that we needed to encourage the families.
We knew that we needed to shepherd them as soon as possible.
The elders immediately came.
We went over the book of Job and I just listened.
I was just listening.
We were the same words before but it was different now.
The things that were being said went straight to my heart.
A few days later, we were visited by two brothers from Bethel.
It was very touching that they came to see us and that they were concerned about us.
It shows us that Jehovah was aware of how we felt that night.
Our brothers were there. They were ready to help one another out.
Then there was so much empathy and love shown.
When we were ultimately granted access to ground zero
and we started encountering the first responders.
We let them know how much we appreciated their hard work
and that they had a skill set that we didn't have.
But yet our skill set was trying to offer comfort to them.
We shared a scripture with them.
Immediately we could tell that that was something that caused emotion to rise up in them right away.
And they expressed great appreciation for that.
It's one of the beautiful things about the scriptures is that they're calming, soothing, comforting.
And the scriptures did not let down the workers that were there at ground zero either.
The visit of the brothers from Bethel was really a gift from Jehovah.
It showed his genuine interest in us. It was really wonderful.
After the brothers visited us, we felt so comforted.
So encouraged that we said to each other,
we have to get back in the ministry and comfort people in the territory.
We have to console our brothers and sisters as well.
We can only thank and glorify Jehovah who really is a God of love.
I kind of felt Jehovah's hands just reaching out to me,
which I needed.
But I cannot wait to the day that I'm totally refreshed where I can see.
I can actually see a poorly.
I can see him just coming back into our lives.
And I want to embrace him so much.
After something like this, we are not the same.
With the help of the organization, the brothers, Jehovah's death for us.
So that is refreshing.
And I thank Jehovah a lot for what he wants to do for me,
but also for the millions of people that feel the same way.